[Music]
find their fare in the Berkeley area
afternoon officer
ferry lives don't matter today well like
right there I'll take a little me out
LAPD style like you do
oh and now you keep doing are you
gangster stuff I'm just trying to sell
my house don't worry about that
everybody's just trying to get along and
have a good life all of the races are
different just because they're different
doesn't mean anybody better or worse
than anybody
hey yeah where's the diversity on I got
a dude in my car I didn't ask for it but
the whole world is watching
my name is okay you don't like them I'm
not out here to be your friend I need to
know [ __ ] pop off that you got my back
then hide it was going to have physical
tells like the face what's my face with
you and it needs a lot more conjugal
love texture do not wink at me like that
always like unit request we Adam now
show us enroute certainly wait for the
kappa wait we are the cavalry
magic wand
like a new killer weapon that grants
wishes
that's whatever you want wanna be taller
or shorter you want ten million dollars
you're not feeling it was
[Music]
thank you fellas this neighborhood
you're gonna kill you tell me and that's
where the stupid [ __ ] gonna start afraid
of the top magic water have to secure it
no in a nobody
built East out of the Academy no they do
not
thank you but if you come
that's where it was sure
I can't get out of my head that's the
start
[Music]
we might be the promised you're not in a
prophecy I'm going to dole in Toyota
Corolla
[Music]